1. Example Description
    This application demonstrates the usage of a the Resource Manager HLD.
    The application includes an S32DS project that configures the Rm driver.
    1.1 The application software functionality
            - Rm_Init
                The application will configure the Rm module peripherals(Xrdc).
                Xrdc is configured to configures full access to peripheral ADC 0 and block access to peripheral ADC 1.
            - The application will write to ADC 0 address, and this operation work successfully.
            - The application will write to ADC 1 address, and this operation cause an exception. The app checks that XRDC error report.
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - XS32K396-BGA-DC PCB 54614 RevX1 SCH RevA.
            - Silicon: P32K396EHMJBS OP40E QAD2222F
        2.1.2 Connections
            - Powered board through power Adapter 12V
        2.1.3 Debugger
            - The probe must be connected to J40 - Micro USB - OpenSDA.
    2.2 Software installation
        - Make sure that all RTD plugins are already installed in the S32DS plugins directory
3. How to run
    3.1 Importing the project into the workspace
        After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select "Rm_Example_S32K396". Then click on "Finish".
        The project should now be copied into you current workspace.
        Wait for the S32 Configuration was initialized and ready.
    3.2 Generating the S32 configuration
        The example will run without an active configuration, however if any changes are required, a configuration needs to be generated.
        The initial configuration will have the same settings as the default example settings.
        Right click on the current project, then click "S32 Configuration Tool" choose "Open Peripherals".
        Pay attention to any error and warning message. If any configured value is invalid, they will be shown for user.
        Make the desired changes (if any) then click "Update Code".
    3.3 Building the project
            Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM), or FLASH (Debug_FLASH) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
            Use Project > Build to build the project.
            Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file should be created.
    3.4 Running the project
            Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:

            Configuration Name                       Description
            -------------------------------          -----------------------
            Rm_Example_S32K396_Debug_RAM_PNE         Debug the RAM configuration using PEmicro probe
            Rm_Example_S32K396_Debug_FLASH_PNE       Debug the FLASH configuration using PEmicro probe

            Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
            Use the controls to control the program flow.
