1. Example Description
    This application demonstrates the usage of a subset of Real Time Drivers that are included in this code drop. It is not part of the production code deliverables.
    The application includes a Design Studio project that configures the Dio, Mcl, Mcu, Ocu, Os, Platform and Port drivers.
    The application uses the HLD layer functionality to trigger a compare match interrupt and blink LEDs on board.
    1.1 The application software functionality
            - Port_Init
                    Initialize the pins used by the application using the Port driver.
            - Mcu_Init
                    Initialize the clock sources, the clock tree and to configure the clock gating of the peripherals.
                    The clock configuration that is used will enable and use the PLL as source clock.
            - Platform_Init
                    Initialize the interrupt controller and to apply the interrupt configuration according to the Platform configuration.
                    Install the ISR for the eMios timer used by the Ocu driver
            - Mcl_Init 
                    Initialize eMios counterBus use by Ocu.
            - Ocu_Init, Ocu_EnableNotification, Ocu_StartChannel
                    Initialize the Ocu driver, enable notification and start the selected channel.
            - After the initialization the channel will start counting, the notification will be generated upon each compare match and a 'while(1) loop' will run to blink a LED.
                    Notification function will toggle the PTB13 pin and will increase a 'count' variable by 1. 
                    The 'while(1) loop' will toggle the PTH7 gpio pin every 100 increments of the counter using Dio driver (Dio_WriteChannel).
2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - Mini-module: XS32K396-BGA-DC PCB 54614 RevX1 SCH RevA.
            - Motherboard: X-S32X-MB version A PCB 54935 RevX1 SCH RevA
            - Silicon: P32K396EHMJBS OP40E QAD2222F
        2.2.2 Connections
            - No wire connections needed to run this example.
        2.2.3 Debugger
            The PnE debugger must be connected to J20 20-pin JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Before running the example a configuration needs to be generated.  First go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and select the current project. Select the "S32 Configuration Tool" menu then click on the desired configuration tool (Pins, Cocks, Peripherals etc...). Clicking on any one of those will generate all the components. Make the desired changes(if any) then click on the "S32 Configuration Tool->Update Code" button.
    3.2 Compiling the application
        Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
        Use Project > Build to build the project.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file
        should be created.
    3.3 Running the application on the board
        Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:

        Configuration Name                  Description
        -------------------------------     -----------------------
        $(example)_debug_flash_pemicro        Debug the FLASH configuration using PEmicro probe

        Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.