1. Example Description
    LED_RED - pins configuration using Port driver and pin toggle using Dio driver.
    1.1 The application software functionality
        LED control with write channel

2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - XS32M2XXCVB-Q064
        2.1.2 Connections
            PTD15 is controlling the LED_RED in XS32M2XXCVB-Q064 board - when HIGH LED is ON when LOW LED is OFF.
        2.1.3 Debugger
            The debugger must be connected to the J25 10-pin JTAG Cortex Debug connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into your current workspace.

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Before running the example a configuration needs to be generated.  First go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and select the current project. Select the "S32 Configuration Tool" menu then click on the desired configuration tool (Pins, Cocks, Peripherals etc...). Clicking on any one of those will generate all the components. Make the desired changes (if any) then click on the "S32 Configuration Tool->Update Code" button.
    3.2 Compiling the application
        Select the configuration to be built: FLASH (Debug_FLASH) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
        Use Project > Build to build the project.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file should be created.
    3.3 Running the application on the board
        Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:

        Configuration Name                  Description
        -------------------------------     -----------------------
        Port_Example_S32M276_Debug_FLASH_PNE          Debug the FLASH configuration using PEmicro probe

        Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.
